we're gonna bake now
this next woman you just met her a
minute ago Bevan are a wonderful woman
we've known her for her I guess like
five seven eight years and just terrific
and she can come out here and with what
you see in front of you
bake something absolutely magical for
the holidays you know with Christmas
right around the corner we thought this
would be the perfect time for another
visit from the mad Baker so please join
me in welcoming back the queen of Crisco
batter back
you know
we were square-dancing
I always want to look my best
I mean you always do
you know I asked my grandpa if I should
take my glasses off you know I should
put them on I think well you know what
he said he said grandma you're just
older either wise no you're not you know
you're only as young as you baked Oh
wonderful okay
I have to tell you that the noblest aim
in life is to make people happy and you
win the prize you make
I just like to say one thing to you this
is the first day of the rest of your
life that's all I can think of you know
bananas recipe and it's an old family
tradition that we make a picture book in
his we were all born in England here
kitty kitty kitty kitty
into the stocking stopping what do you
do the girls are gonna be here in a
minute
in the world what is that little piece
of it's like a donut or something right
it'll be fine we'll put it in a blender
it's just fine don't worry
that's a beauty or you can
thank you very much ma'am it's been
tater late